docs: explain how to pass reactivity across boundaries (#14311)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/docs/02-runes/02-$state.md

> [!NOTE] When you update properties of proxies, the original object is _not_ mutated.

> Since `$state` stops at boundaries that are not simple arrays or objects, the following will not trigger any reactivity:

Reviewer: > boundaries that are not simple arrays or objects

I'm having a bit of a hard time parsing this. What does it include besides classes? Does it mean that closures don't work?

Author: What does closures have to do with this? This is about what gets proxified when you pass it to $state

Reviewer 2: I think this whole block should go in the next section. I'm generally a bit annoyed when docs show me what _not_ to do as a way of teeing up what I _should_ do — just show me the right way in the first place!

In this case, we can demonstrate the Svelte way of using classes, and then reiterate the point that's made at the top of the 'Deep state' section...

> If `$state` is used with an array or a simple object

...adjusted to emphasise that things that aren't arrays or simple objects _won't_ be proxified.

}
```

> Under the hood, the compiler transforms `done` and `text` into `get`/`set` methods on the class prototype referencing private fields. That means the properties are _not_ enumerable.

Reviewer: The second part sounds like it could be a note
```suggestion
Under the hood, the compiler transforms `done` and `text` into `get`/`set` methods on the class prototype referencing private fields.

 > [!NOTE] Class properties are _not_ enumerable due to the compiler transforms mentioned just above.
```

Author: I avoided the note because I felt it disrupts the reading flow for no sufficient reason

		// log
		log: () => console.log(text, done)
	}
}

const todo = createTodo('right');
todo.log(); // logs "'right', false"
todo.text = 'changed'; // invokes the setter
todo.toggle(); // invokes the function
todo.log(); // logs "'changed', true"
```

What you could also do is to instead create an object and return that as a whole. While the variable itself is fixed in time, its properties are not, and so they can be changed from the outside and the changes are observable from within the function:

```js
// @errors: 7006
function createTodo(initial) {
	const todo = { text: initial, done: false }
	return {
		todo,
		log: () => console.log(todo.text, todo.done)
	}
}

const todo = createTodo('right');
todo.log(); // logs "'right', false"
todo.todo.done = true; // mutates the object
todo.log(); // logs "'right', true"
```

Classes are similar, their properties are "live" due to the `this` context:

```js
// @errors: 7006
class Todo {
	done = false;
	text;

	constructor(text) {
		this.text = text;
	}

	log() {
		console.log(this.done, this.text)
	}
}

const todo = new Todo('right');
todo.log(); // logs "'right', false"
todo.done = true;
todo.log(); // logs "'right', true"
```

> Notice how we didn't use _any_ Svelte specifics, this is just regular JavaScript semantics. `$state` and `$state.raw` (and [`$derived`]($derived)) don't change these, they just add reactivity on top, so that when you change a variable something can happen in reaction to it.

Reviewer: I was trying to split the second part into a separate sentence to avoid it being a run-on and realized we probably don't need the second part at all
```suggestion
Notice how we didn't use _any_ Svelte specifics, this is just regular JavaScript semantics. `$state`, `$state.raw`, and [`$derived`]($derived) doesn't change this.
```

Author: I wanted to emphasize what the runes actually do instead.

> As a consequence, the answer to preserving reactivity across boundaries is to use getters/setters or functions (in case of `$state`, `$state.raw` and `$derived`) or an object with mutable properties (in case of `$state`), or a class with reactive properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As a consequence, the answer to preserving reactivity across boundaries is to use getters/setters or functions (in case of `$state`, `$state.raw` and `$derived`), an object with mutable properties (in case of `$state`), or a class with reactive properties.
```

```js
// @errors: 7006
/// file: getters-setters-functions.svelte.js
function doubler(count) {
	const double = $derived(count() * 2)
	return {
		get current() { return double }
	};
}

let count = $state(0);
const double = doubler(() => count);
$effect(() => console.log(double.current)); // $effect logs 0
count = 1; // $effect logs 2
```

```js
// @errors: 7006
/// file: mutable-object.svelte.js
function logger(value) {
	$effect(() => console.log(value.current));
}

let count = $state({ current: 0 });
logger(count); // $effect logs 0
count.current = 1; // $effect logs 1
```

```js
// @errors: 7006
/// file: class.svelte.js
function logger(counter) {
	$effect(() => console.log(counter.count));
}

class Counter {
	count = $state(0);
	increment() { this.count++; }
}
let counter = new Counter();
logger(counter); // $effect logs 0
counter.increment(); // $effect logs 1
```

> For the same reasons, you should not destructure reactive objects, because that means their value is read at that point in time, and not updated anymore from inside whatever created it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the same reasons, you should not destructure reactive objects — their value is read at that point in time, and not updated anymore from inside whatever created it.
```
